Hey, good morning, family. Praise the Lord. Day 48—we're almost to 50, Braden.
It's a celebration: 50 videos, not in a row but close. We just want to say thank you all for joining us today.
For all the new people, if this is your first video and you've never been here before, welcome.
Welcome to all the faithful people who have been here for so long; we really appreciate it.
If you could like the video, subscribe if you haven't, and click the notification bell. It would really bless us and help us with the algorithm.
It truly does help us every time I say something silly and you start commenting on it; it boosts that thing way up in the algorithm.
We laugh about it because Braden says, 'Hey, I'm glad you messed up today, Dad, because it helped our video,'since he watches all the analytics.
I don't understand all that, but he's really smart. I've had a lot of emails—Diana says we've had a lot of emails—wanting to know about the Five Pillars.
Ladies and gentlemen, I've had people who are not very educated about crypto jump into something they don't know and then say, 'Well, you told me to do it.'I've never told anybody to do anything; I'll stick by that.
I am not a financial advisor. I tell you what I feel the Lord has told me about crypto, gold, silver, and land.
He talks to me about all kinds of things, but rarely about stocks.
Every so often He will, but I'm not here to advise you on your finances.
I know some people understand that, but there are some who just don't.
This is for entertainment purposes only. I am not telling you to buy, sell, or do anything. This is my opinion, and I'm entitled to it.
I believe in what the Lord has told me, and I say you should go out and pray, asking the Holy Spirit what He wants you to do with your finances.
Do not invest in something unless you're educated, and do not do anything with your money until the Holy Spirit tells you to.
It's very important you know this; what I pray about might not be for you. Everybody's walk is different.
Whenever I'm talking about the Five Pillars, I saw five major cryptocurrencies that will be the pillars of all crypto.
There will be five: three are very strong, and there's one that's the strongest.
I saw one in the middle, two on the side of it, and then two more over.
They were standing like Greek or Roman columns made of solid granite.
The Holy Spirit showed me support systems on these columns, which were other cryptocurrencies that line up with the functions of those main ones.
There were probably five or so helping each main coin, propping it up.
Then I saw falling stars—all the other cryptos that had no real function, which I would call scams, started falling like internet code and ceased to exist. Thousands of them disappeared in the vision.
Then I heard 'governmental regulations.'I saw bills being passed to make it stable because I heard 'Wild West,'and laws were being brought into motion to protect investors so they would not be scammed.
They were going to regulate it, and then I saw 'old money'—the elderly people with big money—starting to put their money in because they felt safe.
Right now, it's the Wild West with no laws. Look at all the stuff that has happened even before Donald Trump has been sworn into office.
It is like a rocket ship. You can see the 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, and the smoke before liftoff.
He's not even in office yet, but everyone is anticipating who he's going to put as the head of the SEC who is pro-crypto.
I don't follow all this stuff; I just pray, and the Lord gives me visions.
However, that doesn't mean it's for today or even five years from now; I don't know the time frame.
Braden and I were looking at when Kim Clement gave his word about XMP and all the things the Lord showed him; that was 12 or 13 years ago.
If people tried to figure out what XMP was back then, they would have been disappointed when the lawsuit came in and it went down to 15 cents.
XMP was what it was. You have prophetic words given by people who see in the spirit, but you never know the timing.
There is depth perception to the prophetic. You don't know when that 'oak tree'is coming to pass.
As of right now, that word has still not fully manifested or hit the all-time high he was talking about.
You have to use discernment and wisdom, not just get on a 'Holy Ghost bandwagon'listening to men on the internet.
You have to hear it inside yourself because it is volatile. It goes up and down, and it freaks me out.
Who knows if it will fall by a dollar or ten? You must know the Holy Spirit is leading you.
My son was showing me that everybody, their brother, and their dog is prophesying about XMP and other things.
There is a ton of prophetic work out there, and I'm not dogging them—who am I to say anything about those people?—but you have to be very discerning.
You might be hearing something out of the flesh just because 'Billy Bob'said it and you want to make a viral video too.
There are 'bandwagon prophets'out there. I saw five main things, and I saw regulation coming in. I saw stability and increase.
The Lord said to me, 'The very thing the body of Christ is trying to embrace right now is the very thing that leads to the mark of the beast.'A cashless society is part of the end-time system; it's the technology behind what's coming with the chip, and none of you are going to want that.
There's just so much to it in the spirit realm. Would I like to tell you about the other four pillars?
Yes, my heart would love to, but I can't. If I go into all that, you'll put all your money into them.
I've already gotten emails from people saying they put their life inheritance in.
Why would you do that? Only do what you can afford if the Lord tells you to.
I work too hard for my money; I know how much it takes to sell stuff on eBay to pay an electric bill.
If you put money into crypto, you have to look at it like going to the movies or buying fireworks—that money is gone once it's spent.
I know what the Lord has shown me, but we are just imperfect vessels.
Pure water can come from the Father, but if it comes through a tainted pipe, the water becomes tainted.
You have to watch what you're hearing on the internet. I have compassion for folks, but there are desperate people doing dumb things.
I've had family members say they are going to put advances on their credit cards.
Hold on a minute; that's not God. God is not a god of debt. He said to owe no man anything but to love him. I do not believe in borrowing money on credit cards.
If you have a car note or a house payment to have a nice home, that's one thing, but borrowing with high interest rates is a trap that keeps you from being free.
If God doesn't provide it, I don't need it. He's going to give us creative ideas to get wealth and revelation knowledge.
I believe if you sow a seed, you'll reap a harvest. I believe more in that than anything.
God provides for His kids, and it's not a chance thing; it's seedtime and harvest. Reaping is a law just as much as sowing is.
I believe in the hundredfold return and that the Lord will bless our hands to prosper. I believe in that more than any kind of crypto.
There was so much talk about the dinar for years, or network marketing pyramid schemes promising you'll be rich.
There's nothing inherently wrong with network marketing, but often you get to the top and they promise so much.
I remember people at church always trying to do network marketing; you'd try to avoid them in the hall because you knew they'd try to sell you Amway.
Many people have contacted me to do network marketing on this platform, asking me to sign up under them and promote it to you all.
I've told you: I am not going to sell anything to anybody on this channel. I will never ask you for money.
I put my merch on there because people asked for it, but I don't even promote it.
This channel will always be about Jesus Christ and His coming. It's never going to be a crypto channel.
My heart is to tell you that He's coming soon and you need to get your house in order. I had more to talk about today, but that took too much time.
Tomorrow I'll tell you about the man who flew from Australia to Oklahoma to warn me about a vision I had of an EMP attack on America.
He felt the Holy Spirit told him to warn me about a Chinese company that bought a grain refinery on the Mississippi River.
I told you all about a barge floating up the Mississippi River that was owned by a Chinese company.
The government tried to stop the sale, but the state sold it anyway.
This barge I saw coming down the Mississippi went out into the Gulf and had a rocket on it that said 'USSR.'When they shot it over America, it didn't get high enough, and the EMP only affected areas like Kentucky.
This was a vision of a surprise attack from Asian people—I don't know if they were Chinese or North Korean.
The Lord told me they were coming for grains. Seeing this company buy a grain refinery on the Mississippi sent alarm bells off inside me.
It's not a coincidence; it's like a Trojan surprise attack from the Gulf of Mexico. It's something to pray about.
If you study enough, the Five Pillars are pretty obvious, but the safe way is to let the Holy Spirit show you. Father, I thank You for every person here.
I thank You that no weapon formed against them shall prosper and that they would have wisdom in what to invest in.
Let them follow the voice of the Holy Spirit, not a trend or a fad. I ask that they have ears to hear.
We take authority over hype and all demonic attacks from scammers.
We thank You, Lord, that the body of Christ will be protected.
You are our Shepherd; You lead us beside still waters and restore our souls.
We take authority over the demonic spirits trying to come against President Trump.
We thank You that he is protected—that a thousand shall fall at his side and ten thousand at his right hand, but nothing shall come near him.
We thank You that his family is protected and that any plans of the wicked will be uncovered.
We cover the vice presidency and RFK Jr. in the blood of Jesus as he works to bring out the evil in the Food and Drug Administration.
We thank You that there will be justice for the seeds of evil sown in the past.
We claim back sevenfold everything the devil stole. We call for restitution—not just in finances, but in time and health.
Just as You delivered the children of Israel out of Egypt, You will deliver Your people now.
We call for financial increase and sweatless victories. We are debt-free, the head and not the tail.
We plead the blood of Jesus over every negative seed we've sown in ignorance and call for crop failure on those bad seeds.
Every seed produces after its own kind; how you treat people is a seed.
Seedtime and harvest will never cease. We thank You, Father, for the hostages to be released in Israel. We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We thank You that all darkness is exposed in that camp and that the innocent Palestinian children and women are protected.
We thank You for the oil and gas wealth about to spring forth in Israel and for a fresh breath on the Abrahamic Covenant.
We ask for protection for Trump until he is sworn in. We thank You that all evil plans of the current administration will be uncovered.
I told you that eventually, America, Canada, and Mexico would have a digital currency joined as three nations.
Trump already told Trudeau he has a plan for that. He knows what's going on with the BRICS nations and the dollar.
Father, give him Solomon-like wisdom to lead this nation. We thank You that corruption will be uncovered in the House and Senate and that godly leaders will rise up.
We pray for Elon Musk to be born again and filled with the Holy Spirit. We call forth the laborers to bring in the lost.
We call for revival over Asia, South Korea, China, and the underground church.
We pray for revival in Venezuela, Cuba, Jamaica, and all the islands.
We call for revival in Africa, England, Europe, Australia, and Queensland.
Stir the hearts of the preachers to be bold. We praise You for a new hunger and thirst after righteousness.
We call marriages restored and bodies healed. Thank you for joining me today.
I appreciate all the support and kindness during this Christmas season.
Happy Birthday, Jesus! He is my Lord and Savior. We always have a cake for Him as a family and sing Happy Birthday.
Some might think that's silly, but He loves it. If you make a place for Him in your house, He'll visit you.
Come to Him as a child, not an adult. He is the Lord of the Harvest, and all He cares about is your heart.
He died for you and rose again so you wouldn't have to go through hell.
I've seen the holes in His hands and feet; He did it all for you.
All you have to do is receive it by faith. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we will see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.